[MUSIC]
[SOUND]
Welcome,
Randy [SOUND]
[MUSIC]
[SOUND]
[APPLAUSE]
>> My goodness.
>> [APPLAUSE]
[SOUND]
[APPLAUSE]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Mike, Mike!
Mike, Mike.
>> What, what, you okay,
you okay what's wrong?
What's wrong?
>> Maybe-
[MUSIC]
[SOUND]
>> [LAUGH]
>> Let me in.
[LAUGH]
[MUSIC]
Monroe, Monroe, are you okay sweetheart?
>> Are you okay?
>> Are you okay, are you all right?
>> No.
>> My God
>> No, no, no, no.
[MUSIC]
>> My God, King, turn around,
turn around, King.
[MUSIC]
>> The Fiend is here, the thing is here.
The thing with a mandible
claw on the King.
>> [SOUND]
[MUSIC]
Let me in.
[NOISE]
>> [NOISE] Roman Reigns
mentally has to know what
Seth Rollins is thinking,
but the question is can the big dog do it?
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> My God.
>> The Fiend, Bray Wyatt!
Into the ring.
>> [SOUND]
>> He's dragging Rollins to hell.
[MUSIC]